README.md, before:

# Flashcard Project

Flashcard project is an application that can be used to create and test your knowledge of the given topics (JavaScript, HTML, CSS). 

User is able to go through existing questions by pressing the next button on the page. User is able to submit their own question/example/answer by using the form below. User is also able to change categories by pressing on the category that they would like to study.

We plan to implement features such as editing the flashcard, answer input, and answer input comparison to the actual answer. 

## Installation

1. Fork the repository
2. Open with visual studio code
3. Run json server by typing 'json-server --watch db.json' in the terminal
4. Open up a separate terminal and type open index.html for Mac OS or explorer.exe for Windows.  

## Usage
<insert .gif>

## Credits
Vincent Revard: https://github.com/Vincent-Revard
Brandon: 
Soo Jung Kim: https://github.com/soojkim0106

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

added form submit requirements and delete confirmation

README.md, after:

# Flashcard Project

Flashcard project is an application that can be used to create and test your knowledge of the given topics (JavaScript, HTML, CSS). 

User is able to go through existing questions by pressing the next button on the page, submit their own question/example/hint/answer by using the form below, change categories by pressing on the category that they would like to study, and delete the flashcard.

We plan to implement features such as editing the flashcard, answer input, user accounts, and answer input comparison to the actual answer. 

## Installation

1. Fork the repository
2. Open with visual studio code
3. Run json server by typing 'json-server --watch db.json' in the terminal
4. Open up a separate terminal and type open index.html for Mac OS or explorer.exe for Windows.  

## Usage
<insert .gif>

## Credits
Vincent Revard: https://github.com/Vincent-Revard
Brandon Tucker: https://github.com/Brand1n
Soo Jung Kim: https://github.com/soojkim0106

Confetti Button: https://codepen.io/ieatwebsites/pen/KKBvywP

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
